What did you think, Christy? Was it a good video? Was it worth your time? I really, I
kind of like the way Greg works through it. It's a hard sell, so it's a tough
subject to put through in 40 minutes. I'm really curious what you thought.
You're scheduled for 60 minutes.
What's next? It's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television. People everywhere
are starting to listen to him. It's embarrassing.
Hey, listen to this gang. Teenage sleuths solved bone hijacking mystery. Captain Cutler
and his wife take it into custody by sure. That was some plan they had. First spreading
the phony story about Cutler and then stealing the yachts from the marina. That night on
the beach, Cutler was storing extra scuba tanks in the graveyard of the ship. Yeah, but
like his diving suit got covered with that kooky glowing seaweed. And that's where the
glowing ghost story came from. Well, that clothes is the mystery. How did Scooby do with that?
I guess that's another mystery.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. This is Giggle and biological. A high resistance low noise
information brief brought to you by a biologist. It's the 21st of September, 2023. So I'm gonna
be peeking out my mic a little bit and turn myself down. Maybe get some music. I don't know what's going on here.
Gotta speed this up now. Yeah, so tomorrow morning at 10 a.m. Eastern time, you can watch on CHD TV.
My podcast with Brian Hooker. I think it's gonna be a really neat one. I think it turned out okay.
I hope it turned out all right. But at 10 a.m. tomorrow, you can see that on CHD TV.
I got a really other kind of excellent thing to announce today, which I think is really pretty cool.
I don't know where it's gonna go, but we're gonna find out right now.
Yes, that's how it's supposed to go. Just a little bit earlier, maybe would be better. But,
you know, it's too bad. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. This is Giggle and biological.
A high resistance low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist. My name is Jonathan
Cooey. I'm coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Greetings to all of you. And thank
you for joining me. The scroll up and above there are the people that are supporting this stream.
Some of them have been supporting me for as long as two or three years. And so, it's taken me a
while to figure out how I wanted to do it. But I think it's just best kind of to have them on
screen most of the time. You can always turn it off later. Again, like I just wanted to say,
I mentioned in the intro, there's going to be a 10 a.m. tomorrow morning.
You can watch me be interviewed by Dr. Brian Hooker on CHD TV. I think his show is called
Doctors and Scientists. I guess doctors, scientists and podcasters now. But yeah, it was a neat talk.
It was fun because he let me talk in very broad strokes. I got to draw a picture.
And the people that listened to it thought it was pretty good. So I hope it comes out all right.
It's a broad discussion about all the reasons why Transfection is in a good idea. And then on
top of that, why this particular version of Transfection isn't a very good idea.
And so that's, of course, our message for the last few weeks now or the last few months now.
We've been trying to say it over and over again, that I think what has happened as a result of
our exploration of this immunology, our deep dive into this immunology over the last three years
has made me pretty confident in saying that I think it's not about vaccines, you know,
what it is is this idea that we can augment the immune system by injecting a combination of
substances into our muscle. It's just a dumb idea. And I don't know how we really got there.
I don't know if we need to really figure that out. I just think we need to come to a conclusion
that we should have come to probably a long time ago, which is that the,
is there a little black edge to the? Yeah, there sure is.
Um, that we should have come to this conclusion quite some time ago and we don't know really why
we haven't. But it might be because of the way this kind of therapeutic class is protected both
legally and culturally in our Western society. But we really need to wake up and apologize to
our children for having, um, sort of abdicated this responsibility. I want to point you back
one more time. I guess I should have taken this slide out, but I'm going to do it anyway. I
want to point you back one more time to this twiv episode because the twiv episode that I did
a few days ago discusses how neutralizing antibodies aren't necessary for a guinea pig model of
viral immunity. And more importantly, in this podcast, they talked very specifically about the
three dimensional epitopes and the, the idea that the sequence of the protein is not really as
important as the three dimensional folding. And that's called a quaternary epitope. And that
discussion is really enlightening because it gets you a much better idea of the breadth and the depth
of the oversimplification that they've done with regards to trying to tell you that antibodies
to a spike protein are somehow vital to your survival of a coronavirus infection. And then they go on
to talk about a second paper, which is basically CRISPR and RNA viruses, but they kind of skirt
around the idea that they need pure RNA to do this and that pure RNA is really the only way they
can do any of this RNA virology. So I think it's okay probably to, to pan over here.
These people have changed the way that we think about stuff. And specifically, they've changed
the way we think about respiratory disease, our immune response to it all caused mortality and
where it comes from and how much of it there is and what vaccination is and how, you know,
intramuscular injection of stuff has worked before. Why won't it work now?
And this ridiculous change in immunology 101 and this ridiculous, overbearing fear, confusion,
uncertainty and doubt allowed them to push school boards and town councils and daycare centers
and everybody to think that these kinds of things were a good idea and top down hospital
administration driven by the CARES Act drove this, you know, directive of as long as you follow
the orders of the CDC, we can't be blamed for anything that happens. So if you want to keep your
job here, you're going to follow the directives of the CDC, which included remdesivir in America,
Madazolem in the UK. And generally speaking, three pills were just dropped off of the charts of
being used. And these end up being some of the most effective treatments antibiotics for secondary
pneumonia. And the way that they've gotten away with this is that they've controlled the spectrum
of the narrative. And I think it's very important for everybody who's now just joining the stream
for the first time or has been joining me every night for the last 14 or 15 nights. We've got
to think carefully about how every one of the steps that we were led through is likely a part
of this controlled narrative. Hydroxychloroquine was played in a certain way in 2020 and has never
made its way back into the conversation. Hydroxychloroquine was the solution that the United
States government stuck 20,000 pills of in 2020. Hydroxychloroquine was the end point drug for which
several precursor factories, factories that made precursor drugs for hydroxychloroquine or
finished hydroxychloroquine. Am I saying it right? Yeah. They were burned in 2020. So
Ivermectin factories didn't burn in 2020, but hydroxychloroquine factories did. The United States
government did not stock up on Ivermectin pills. They stocked up on hydroxychloroquine pills.
The late Zevzalenko who treated more than 200 people in Congress used hydroxychloroquine and zinc.
And so this is a big deal because it's never come back into the discussion because why?
Because the discussion has been very carefully curated by people like Brett Weinstein who pushed
Ivermectin as one of the three ways that strangers could hang out together in June of 2021. You could
be vaccinated and infected like my friend Robert Malone or you could be double vaccinated like
my friend Steve Kirsch or you could use smart prophylaxis like me, Brett Weinstein and take
Ivermectin. And so I find it very curious that hydroxychloroquine the only substance that has a
paper in 2005 which is specifically looking at in vitro inhibition of coronavirus uptake in cell
culture. The only drug that showed any promise the only drug actually that Tony Fauci himself is
actually on videotape probably not videotape but video recording saying that hydroxychloroquine
is a drug that shows promise for combating SARS viruses and it's not in the conversation anymore
but there are books being written about Ivermectin. Why is that ladies and gentlemen do you think
that's real? I don't think that's real and I'm trying very hard to dive into that I'm going to
bring some more ammunition to that fire as we go along but for now I just wanted to preface that
thought tonight to make sure that your wheels are still thinking you're still looking back
while your memory is still sharp enough to remember it because if we let them keep rushing
us into the future and distracting us with all kinds of other things we're going to forget about
2020 when everybody was doing the most lying when everybody was doing the most lying
or let's say the most look-away doctrine I don't know I ain't looking there
don't let them let you forget you have to remember the only way we're going to get out of this is
an accurate history of what happened in 2020 and 2021 it's the only way they lied to us about this
stuff in order to swap our rights around and I think some of these people
wittingly or unwittingly are involved in this lie and if we look carefully back at 2020 I believe
that we can see and when we can see then we can see our way out we can show other people the way
out because that's where the light is as crazy as it sounds we've got to look at 2020 and 2021 if
we're going to find how this narrative trap was created and I think we have to look back at the
people who have been telling us the story over and over again who have been falsely
falsely censored you know like Russell Brand is being censored right now so censored that
everybody on the internet is talking about it so censored that Jimmy Dorr has five different little
shorts about it so censored that he's going to go on everybody's podcast and talk about it now
wow so YouTube's not paying you anymore must be rough it sounds like the same game they played with
with Brett Weinstein when Robert Malone was on his podcast it's not really censorship
if it gets you more popular it's not really censorship if it funnels all of your people
into your subscribership it's not really censorship if everybody in the world starts talking about it
then it's more like the opposite of censorship it's promotion no publicity's bad publicity ladies and
gentlemen and so these people you know we've been talking about all these people and so I thought
for our for our throwback Thursday we would go back to a couple people that we know
and I thought you might find it curious that of all the people that Robert Malone has done a
podcast with would you find it surprising that he's done a podcast with Paul Catrell in 2021
about a month after he was on the Brett Weinstein podcast
that's a little interesting isn't it the extremely fake MD from New York City the guy that was running
or trading for years before that he lived like once block away from Wall Street
but supposedly according to the very reliable and highly trustworthy George Webb he was traveling
back and forth to Harvard on a bus to do med school actually it's biology before you go to med
school but I'll repeat med school med school med school med school it's actually the biology
program that you do before med school but but Dr. Paul Catrell who did chaos theory and in
equities trading that's his PhD and that's the guy that Robert Malone decided to do a podcast with
would you find that at all curious would you find it at all curious if Robert Malone in 2021
had done a podcast with Paul Catrell
Paul Catrell bus Dr. MD George Webb's most trusted scientific advisor
and incidentally remember that George Webb is listed in Robert Malone's worst cyberstalkers
where Robert Malone conveniently links to George Webb's appearance on 60 minutes in 2020
I mean it's almost like a laughable joke but I have to watch the video and you have to watch
the video so that you understand that this isn't a joke not when all the videos are still on YouTube
it's evidence it's evidence in plain sight that we are being played by a group of people
who has ulterior motives that I don't know what they are but they're not the well-being of the
conservative wing of the United States I'll tell you that much who ha let's see if we can find
these futurists here I'm going to escape from this for a minute there he is look at that guy
I think he was thinner back then in 2021
after 9-11 I've worked with virtually all of the nature and it does start like that so I apologize
but it starts with N9-11 so I'm not really sure what they cut out there but Dr. Paul Catrell is there
and then the global enlightenment radio network is what you see
vaccine candidates for bio-defense purposes I was at the tip of the spear in in bringing
the public health agency Canada vaccine forward that we now call the Merck Ebola vaccine I got
Merck involved and I got the money from the Norwegian government that funded the ring vaccination trials
and then I have also been right at the forefront of drug repurposing for first for Zika there's a
number of papers relating to Zika and Zika pathogenesis and drug repurposing started a company that went
bankrupt I've done I think four different startups in my life and because there was no funding for
drug repurposing and then since the beginning of this outbreak I got a call from a
and remember the intelligence community that was in Wuhan that I've published with in the past
was in Wuhan during the fourth quarter of 2019 and he called me on January 4th of 2020 and
told me that I need to get my team spun up because this new pathogen so we started working on
computational screening and docking of entire library of licensed drugs and that eventually
led to my self administering some of those when I okay so he said computational screening he didn't
say he didn't say that he made a model of x-ray crystallography he said something about docking
but that could be an x-ray crystallography model of proteins and then docking them
but it's not clear if he ran all the known pharmaceuticals through this x-ray crystallography
modeling program and then tried to dock them with the three cl protease but anyway he describes
it differently every time this is a 2021 description so maybe he's pretty
it became infected with the biogen outbreak at the end of February 2020 and that led to the
discovery of femotidine or pepcid I wrote the north well contract for that together with Jim
Talton on north well screwed up those trials but we've carried on I've got multiple papers
published or impressed involving femotidine and then the combination of femotidine and
cellicoxid and it's taken the first of those papers was uploaded in July of 2020 it's been
through peer review three times and still not been published it's been approved in peer review
three times and then pulled by the editors of frontiers at the last minute just like Pierre
Corey's paper was but those those are the trials that we finally have FDA clearance to proceed on
so I'm one of not very many people that understand this whole spectrum of vaccines
pandemics drug repurposing pharmacology and molecular virology so there's a new drug that is
in clinical trials three I believe it's called I mean you're pronouncing wrong but
malnew pyro kind of talking about the Merck product yeah yeah yeah it's originally called
the IDD 2801 it was initially funded by the crew that I work with at the defense threat reduction
agency we tried to get it in as part of the formulations we freezing a multi drug approach
and we wanted to include it as so I think that's kind of interesting because it's kind of rare
that he mentions ditra and here he mentions it right away the team that I work with I'm just
gonna spool it back so we can hear that that seems to be missing from recent talks yeah yeah it's
originally called the IDD 2801 it was initially funded by the crew that I work with at defense
threat reduction agency we tried to get it in as part of the formulations we freezing a multi drug
approach and we wanted to include it as the antiviral in our in our combination the other
agents are anti-inflammatories but Merck acquired it from Ridgeback the same character that I was
just referring to that works for the three letter agencies used to report to the assistant secretary
for preparedness and defense Bob Cadillac he helped broker the Merck deal so yeah EIDD 2801
there are so the the name it has to do with the Emory drug discovery group Ration Aussies a famous
member of that so that's the origin of the original acronym and there are others at Emory that feel
that this is a highly inappropriate compound to be advancing because of potential reproductive
toxicology issues that they're concerned about we'll see how that bears there's also so this
is this is one of the new hopes for direct acting antiviral the other one is the Pfizer
three seal protease inhibitor so when Tony Fauci kind of did his great pivot two weeks ago and
suddenly started talking about well we need drugs that we can administer early and turn
cob it into something like the common cold he was only really thinking about these two agents and
he he has no enthusiasm for repurposed drug um at the DOD fortunately we're entirely separate
from Dr. Fauci's control and oversight and so we're able to pursue the science that we see
as most appropriate and we've been focusing on drug repurposing as I okay um is anyone else
hearing this I think I have to scroll it back again I mean this is a real
uh
what is he doing did he just say we the DOD and we several times the DOD and we did you hear it
remember Katherine Watt and a bunch of other people said that the DOD is doing this
remember that Sasha latipova said hey you know the DOD is doing all of this it's the DOD
what did he just say listen carefully because this is vital to understanding how this story has
evolved see how that fares there's also so this is this is one of the new hopes for direct acting
antiviral the other one is the Pfizer uh three seal protease inhibitor so when Tony Fauci
kind of did his great pivot two weeks ago and suddenly started talking about well we need drugs
that we can administer early and turn and cob it into something like the common cold he was only
really thinking about these two agents and uh he he has no enthusiasm for repurposed drug um
at the DOD fortunately we're entirely separate from uh Dr. Fauci's control
and oversight and so we're able to pursue the science that we see as most appropriate
and we've been focusing on drug repurposing as I said from the beginning of the of 2020
and uh we actually uh in the trials we had designed a three-arm outpatient trial that would be placebo
versus silicoxib and formatidine versus silicoxib formatidine and ivermectin but the FDA created
such a storm with their objections to including ivermectin they put clauses in there that were
so intenable would have taken us six months to a year to satisfy them so we just drop the ivermectin
arm but the data suggests that the triple combination is really potent and and surprisingly the
addition of so we've been very laboratory focused in terms of so the formatidine and silicoxib
combination even in certainly in outpatients but in inpatients we can see uh a point of
inflection in a lot of the key labs uh that are predictive of outcomes of cob it when we start
administering drug it's quite striking we we now can manage cob it um using classical laboratory
assays and make decisions about clinical management one of the things that was intriguing about the
addition those with ivermectin is that we saw much more rapid improvement of leukocyte
fraction um in the cbc parents uh and uh it it appears that there is some benefit in terms of
lymphocyte recovery and uh but then there's the recent data out of israel that that i had thought
was was not going to be forthcoming there's long been speculation that ivermectin might have
some direct acting anti-viral activity and and the new israeli double-blame randomized clinical
trial with only 55 i think is right around 50 or 60 patients its statistical significance
um and demonstrated that there is an antiviral component to the ivermectin activity so uh you
know i we'll we'll be testing uh for monidine and silicoxib because that's what we could get
through the fda and that took us three months of negotiation uh but uh i suspect that in the end
people will find that the triple might be even more useful there so for three months
robert malone was in negotiation for trials for combinations of
femotidine silicoxib ivermectin and then he dropped ivermectin and it's these three other ones
for at least three months so that would be what january february march february march april
something like that and already by april i was saying natural immunity and we didn't need
to shut down and i think we're we're exaggerating and what's going on
maybe we shouldn't be ventilating everybody and i'm not an md but it seems like that's what
everybody's complaining about and why are we talking about natural immunity why are we talking
about antibodies who's using masks and he was spending three months working with the fda to try
and get trials and euas for these repurposed drugs and here in this particular discussion he's
not talking about hydroxychloroquine at all even though when he went on joe rugen he mentioned it
let's see maybe i'll keep going by by address that spectrum of pharmaceuticals and so you saw
the fluvoxamine data came in positive today that's more news um something like 38 percent
35 percent our protection in rct's ivermectin and that same trial did not show efficacy
but they administered the ivermectin late and it relatively low doses so okay it's going to be
made that that one was kind of set up to fail for the ivermectin arm but the fluvoxamine definitely
hit statistical significance so we now need to add fluvoxamine as another agent uh that we already
knew that i mean think about how absurd it is that we're talking about just drugs you know
patented drugs that have no real use on the market and now we're trying to use them to apply to everyone
who has a viral disease that's detectable by a pcr and this guy who's a master of molecular
biology has been working on retroviruses since the start is not at all worried about the pcr being
used incorrectly he's not at all worried about the a specificity of of laminar flow tests he's
not at all worried about the misapplication of pcr without nested primers he's only worried
about getting EUAs for these repurposed drugs to save people's lives you know because there was a
38 percent you got to see it for what it is ladies and gentlemen at the time in 2021 this still
sounded like really smart and really great and while at least he's doing something can't believe
this guy came forward aren't we lucky that he's on our team
but it's not really like that ladies and gentlemen this is august 2021 when everybody
already should have been saying stop when i had already published something that said stop in may
that i started writing in december of 2020 and should have really published in january of 2021
we need to really consider what this means we need to really see what it means
and then we need to reevaluate whether this faith in a novel virus that we had to shut down for
that the mRNA saved a lot of people from and that although it was rushed it can be better
and that this was gain of function and so we need to be afraid about it coming again this
faith we need to get rid of it we need to dismiss it and this guy is one of the central priests
and if you see him on any podcast now in 2023 he will not go against any of those
tenements that there was a novel virus that we had to shut down he spent three months trying to
find repurposed drugs with ditra the mRNA saved millions of people and it was again a function
virus so another one will come again uh you know i i don't know how it turned you have been
to the fluboxamine story but uh i'm i'm in touch with steve kirsch you know almost hourly he's the
one that funded the george washington studies gw new uh um this is a different he's in touch with
steve kirsch almost hourly
prince so this is now the fourth study about fluboxamine uh that's something that i'm aware of
that's great you know see the main the watchers need to realize that there is
there's more tools in the toolbox as researchers like yourself um are hey look those screens work
usually those screens are just blank but it looks like they actually do work that's kind of cool
investigating compounds to try to fight the disease coven 19 or you know the virus stars coke too
sir isn't necessarily the vaccine and the way fauci has been spinning it it was
moderna moderna moderna from very from the kick call you know it was like that scene right
that scene of the rc and moderna was created by darva um so uh there's yeah there's all kinds of
angles here that i prefer not to go into having to do with bill and will indicate
foundation and the tight relationships there and they're lobbying and uh you know zuckerberg
chan and uh robert with johnson and w h o and facebook and there's just a huge array of folks
that are with with money and power that have gone all in on vaccines as the only solution
and i think i i'm a vaccinologist but my assessment from the outset was that
that the risk of antibody-dependent enhancement based on prior work with coronavirus vaccine
development was so great that in the timelines to demonstrate a safe and effective vaccine
were so long and the uh risk that this was going to hit the states remember i started in in the
beginning of january i was docking compounds on january 11th after the uh seafood market
wuhan seafood market virus sequence was first uploaded he was docking compounds now i'm not sure
if this refers to the model of x-ray crystallography that he talked about in later videos this year
from earlier this year or earlier last year remember this is 2021 we're now in 2023
this is pretty long time ago and mark twain told us a very wise observation that he always told
the truth because then he didn't have to remember anything and so it's pretty easy to keep all your
details straight if you're telling the truth it gets harder to keep your details straight when
some of those details are not the truth and so i can't make any statements about what's the truth
and what's not with anyone else talking but i can tell you that after listening to hours and hours
of robert melones description of how he entered the race for a coronavirus cure
and then how he stepped out of it as he went on the bread wine steam podcast that narrative has
changed narrative has evolved and i'm not sure that that necessarily belies honesty it could also
suggest something else and here i think is a good couple things that we've caught him on the
we and the d-o-d we're able to do things aside from fauci so he referred to himself as part of
the department of defense and he also said that the team that he's working with was dtr a detra
defense threat reduction agency and the scientific director or the head of the scientific part of
that organization is david hone a guy who used to sleep on his couch back in postdoc days
so there's a lot of interesting things in this video that aren't necessarily repeated in the
video with with steven hatville or in the videos with with uh alison or or with chan and joy for
example i didn't focus on three cl pro which is what the uh um fizer drug is is inhibiting it's
protease and rather i focused on the pat pain like protease because i knew that there was
already a lot of candidates out there and a lot of attention on three uh cl pro i so the pat pain
like proteases the protease which cuts the poly protein into its functional parts so in case
you're unaware the way the cartoon of the infectious cycle goes the virus enters the cell it somehow
unencapsulates the RNA and the RNA finds a ribosome and it translates
uh or f open reading frame one a an open reading frame one a encodes for poly proteins one a and
one b or one a and one a b and those are all those two poly proteins actually need to be cut into
several other proteins which can then assemble into the subunits of the RNA dependent RNA polymerase
and its chaperone proteins and so you could go for a number of different enzymes but one of the
enzymes is required to cut that up i think that's the pat pain uh protease if it's not
then that protease does a similar job with another aspect of of the genome of the virus
and and the Pfizer is one of many that are that are candidates for inhibitors of three seal pro
these are both serine proteases and serine proteases inhibitors are notoriously nonspecific in the
pharmaceutical industry and prone to uh dose limiting toxicity and complications so uh time
will tell how that plays out and i you know i wish them the best but in with my group of pharmaceutical
experts uh we've always been very wary of the potential risks associated with focusing on serine
protease so so the potential risks for focusing on serine protease i presume is what he's implying
is that it's not very specific so when you take a protease inhibitor you're also going to inhibit
your own proteases which could have all kinds of effects that we don't really know i presume
that's what he's saying so i see invasion one is that the name the invasion
invasion one if he knew the risk of ad was so high that why would he ever take a jab for
something that he had just recently had there's no question that that's 100 correct and it makes
robermalone not look very smart for a guy who really knows everything about the immune system and
viruses and virology and genetics and patents and and fill and finish technologies for
for vire uh vire vaccine production it's certainly pretty silly to write a paper
about antibody dependent enhancement get the virus at the biogen conference in in february and then
take the shot before you go on on bread wine steins podcast because you had to travel
like you're not clever enough to get a vaccine card without getting the vaccine because you know
it's dangerous i mean it's extraordinary it's extraordinarily tall tale of woe
the cocktail that you've been investigating is that with or without the corticosteroids
great individual that matter of fact we've got strong data that if you add dexamethasone you
kill people uh that they no i'm not kidding you can laugh the paper is out there we just had
it provisioned yeah paul control just laughed about how many people in there to hear him
that if you add dexamethasone you kill people uh that they no i'm not kidding you can laugh the
paper is out there we just had it provisionally accepted i just got to make a couple modifications
about how many people i mean don't get mad at him for laughing he's not an m d
his phd that he calls himself dr paul control it's right there
dr paul control i have to yell really loud before you can see on the side of my screen that it says
that it says jonathan jay cooey phd but it doesn't say doctor cooey
and there's a reason why i make that choice and there's a reason why paul control makes that choice
robert malone doesn't have to do his podcast robert malone can do a million podcasts he just
came out two months before this on bret wine steam he's the most interesting man in the world
right now why in the heck is he on a podcast with paul control who's laughing about the fact
that if you add dexamethasone to his cocktail of cures you can actually kill people or you can
laugh about it but it's uh funny we've got strong data that if you add dexamethasone you kill people
that they no i'm not kidding you can laugh the paper is out there we just had it
provisionally accepted i just got to make a couple modifications about how many people in the
study group were smokers uh which you know affects not a risk um and not always in a negative way
so um they were not active smokers they were recovered smokers uh in that actually because of
the groups they were in it actually makes our conclusions even stronger but uh you know if
if your readers or if you want to post a link um i can send you the uh we put everything up on
preprint servers right away because of the nature of the emergency and uh so the formatidine
plus celococcib with them without dexamethasone paper it's readily available um on a preprint
server and it clearly shows uh we jump from zero percent case fatality rate in hospitalized
cobbid wcho you know four to six um to uh something like 23 or 25 mortality in the presence of dexamethasone
we then verified it's not generally understood by most docs but the uh the data supporting dex
is really quite tenuous it it took a lot of statistical manipulation to show statistical
significance it's in a very small cohort that it does reach statistical significance it's very
limited um it should not be used as widely as it's being used based if you're going to go fully
evidence-based uh and um we're there's overlap in terms of the mechanism of action with celococcib
any more if the uh the data supporting dex is really quite tenuous oh dexamethasone
a lot of statistical manipulation to show statistical significance it's in a very small cohort
that it does reach statistical significance is very limited um it should not be used as
widely as it's being used based if you're going to go fully evidence-based uh and um we're
there's overlap in terms of the mechanism of action with celococcib when you add the two
they're definitely more toxic and lethal and uh this was verified in a platform trial called
iSpyte that hasn't been published yet uh that we also funded through DoD. Absolutely somebody in
the chat therapy McDonough is pointing out that just a minute ago he told us that it reached
statistical significance for 37 percent of the people and so he got his p-value and now
his his drugs are significant but dexamethasone needed extra special statistical treatment or
something like that it's pretty disingenuous if you're going to use p-values and then criticize
other people for using p-values it's pretty weak we had we had counseled that they should not
proceed with the trial arm in the presence of dex but they insisted that they do so because
they considered it standard of care in their uh they're basically a WHO56 cohort so this is under
high flow oxygen or or intubation and uh so that is where dex is indicated uh they insisted that
we had to have dex on board and they wanted to go ahead with the trial and in fact they verified
that uh the trends were such that we would be uh um i don't know how to say this delicately uh
more more patients would be lost on the triple combination their study also has a standard of
care remdesivir and and i suspect that your viewership may be aware that remdesivir's efficacy is
not quite what we led to believe uh in and uh most would say that it doesn't support the license
that it has right now the authorization in any case that's that's a tangent that's going down
a rabbit hole going down a rabbit hole you don't want to just say that they're poisoning people
with it Robert that's going down a rabbit hole it doesn't have the efficacy that we were sold on it
are you kidding me and i don't want to talk about it that's going down a rabbit hole so i'll just
leave it there in august of 2021 when you could have said you know all of my drugs work better
than remdesivir but they've been given remdesivir for a year already because when did they start
giving remdesivir ladies and gentlemen who's the first person they treated with remdesivir
thanks to marcusatonic marculac we know without a doubt that it's because of sahomich county man
in washington state where the first guy was treated for what passionate compassionate
whatever with remdesivir the guy wasn't even really sick we don't even know where the hell he went
but we sequenced his virus was so much so that we built our PCR test on it
and that guy was the first case where we used remdesivir a few weeks later tony fauci would
sit on the couch of the white house right next to uh debra burks and explain how similar it was
to with the early part of aids when we didn't know what to use against aids and now we don't
know what to use against coronavirus but here we are and we're reducing hospitalization from 14 to 11
days and so we're giving it an EUA and we're telling everybody in the united states to use it in
hospitals and after a year of doing that more than a year of doing that that's what robert melon
has got to say about it uh but yeah remdesivir's efficacy is and and i suspect that your viewership
may be aware that remdesivir's efficacy is um not quite what we were led to believe uh in uh most
would say that it doesn't support the license that it has right now the authorization in any case
that's that's a tangent that's going down a rabbit hole uh but yeah stay away from the steroids if
you're going to use fomotic and cellophaxis and it's a good thing and you'll see in a paper
you've got a lengthy discussion he just stopped that's it that's all he's going to say about
remdesivir it's being used nationwide he's just going to stop right there no more because it's a
rabbit hole why because somebody said snake venom maybe should uh in that one uh in which
I extensively quote tony fauci for an interesting review paper he did on decks a few years ago um
decks decks is like a great big hammer to the immune system and uh absolutely not you know a
case can be made that that decks is a great drug if you've got hospitalized coven and you want to
pump your numbers up by getting them out the door and transferring them to a extended care facility
instead of having them die in your hospital to be a little bit jaded but in fact that's what goes
on is there's a lot of manipulation of hospital case fatality rates by offloading uh um uh
patients to uh um various triage options and and decks is a great way to stabilize and get out
the door and that is one way that is used in some hospital environments that's very interesting
so let's let's pin it to the antibody dependent enhancement and vaccine associated disease
enhancement now what's your take on what's going on with delta i'm from your observation where you're
where you're sitting and all the resources you're doing i see high processes um so there's a
that i just mentioned the Lancet paper that's just out that you haven't had a chance to read yet uh
which takes patients that were uh basically two months out from vaccination that are break
your cases and examines their characteristics so there's no real solid control in in the sense
that you don't have um delta in uh unvaccinated or delta in um you know there's kind of like three
cohorts right there's vaccinated there's previously infected unvaccinated and then there is uh naive
unvaccinated those are three key cohorts and this only examines the one which is vaccinated at a
time point it's a slice of patients that are breakthroughs at a time point of approximately
eight weeks after vaccination so basically at completion of those two so this is peak
for immune response uh in theory and what they found was that in the patients who
had these breakthrough infections i think the number i don't have a paper here in front of me so
fact checkers please don't skewer me uh forgive me for my elderly mind that is not a steel trap
as it might once have been but i think it was 20 plus fold higher levels of of viremia then observed
um uh with uh previously with alpha variant and this is in the vaccinated cohort uh infected
with delta so comparing historic data involving alpha infections in the unvaccinated two uh
delta infections in the uh previously vaccinated times two months prior uh in those breakthroughs
they saw a huge increase in the overall titer relative to the comparator but then uh what they
found was the characteristics of the breakthrough cases was that they were the subset that had
relatively low titers uh so basically it's not that the the case is being made that it's not the
distribution of breakthroughs is not uniform in this cohort that is two months out after vaccination
but rather is is uh skewed into the cohort of vaccine recipients that were relatively low
responders why does this matter um what we're seeing in the israeli data and now uk and some
of the other countries that are coming online is that particularly in the israeli case delta hit
at about six months you know four to six months after they finish their massive vaccine campaign
and in israel we had uh really good vaccine uptake that's part of why Pfizer selected
and did a special deal with uh um israel uh in that has some interesting contract terms i'm told
having to do with uh um prohibited disclosure of adverse events that are collected um but yes
i have this straight eatedly from his early scientists uh it's not publicly disclosed so so
they they Pfizer went into israel because it's a very compliant population in fact they got very
good vaccine uptake and then you may recall a few weeks ago Pfizer announced that the uh
vaccine was going to need to be boosted at six months because the durability was poor
and uh you may recall dr fauci reprimanding them for making that statement and then two weeks later
this became u.s government policy and they're now about to roll out uh revax nation uh dose number
three at six months in uh high-risk elderly and immunocompromised so that's pretty well an
admission of this so the thing about the israeli getting group getting hit by delta at a brown six
months is that that is just the window when they're starting to move into their the majority
of their population being in the uh uh waning phase or uh no longer effective phase of the primary
vaccine that they received and as you know and i'm understanding that your viewership is a more
sophisticated audience uh the highest risk for antibody-dependent enhancement is in the waning
phase because the slope is long so there's kind of like two windows of high risk if you can think of
my uh intersection of these two straight lines of my hands uh if if you imagine the peak uh here
is um shortly after uh completion of two doses the the ascending phase of the immune response is
fairly steep and so the time the delta t in which you cross between um the threshold of immune
response response necessary for protection and as you're climbing towards peak response it's fairly
short it's very brief and then there's a long declining phase and so when you cross that window
where you still have antibodies but insufficient tighter of antibodies and presumably insufficient
tighter of the most potent antibodies uh because of the waning phase you have a much longer window
of stability we still have antibodies around it combined the virus but if you don't have enough
it will neutralize so he's really just finishing off here with the idea that anybody's antibodies
right and and and actually paul asked him to go right into antibody-dependent enhancement and
and and uh vaccine-induced uh disease enhancement or something like that which is all basically
the same thing you make antibodies which can protect the virus from complement attack you make antibodies
that can make the virus uh more likely to be taken up by other cell types you can protect the virus
from neutralizing antibodies you can stabilize the spike protein in an open configuration after
fear and cleavage with uh the right antibody there's almost infinite possibilities because of what
we talked about with regard to what epitopes really are they're not sequences of amino acids
they are three-dimensional electrostatic shapes and these three-dimensional electrostatic shapes
are selected from the tertiary structure of the protein that is being processed and presented
by the immune system there's no way for us to predict that that's a combinatorial nightmare of
the possibilities that exist there and we have no idea how the body how the immune system sells
decide about how that three-dimensional puzzle should be solved but here they are
talking about potent antibodies and not so potent antibodies um it's all the same
and so that's the end of the video but uh it was you know it's a it's a it's a throwback
Thursday I mean that was the idea it's not um it's not maybe not surprising that it's uh that
it's like that um and so yeah let's just remember some things and then we'll go to go to sleep
early I'm going to be done before 10 while that's exciting what is this saying
so they told us this story about a dangerous novel virus right and how did they get us
to believe it they got us to believe it with this consensus of an illusion of consensus rather
it's the it's the laughter in the background it's the uniformity across every newscast
it was the uniformity of of opinion created by censorship
the yin and the yang of that or the yang of that would be the the laugh track
in Seinfeld excuse me I think you forgot my bread bread dude the laugh track is an illusion of
consensus that makes this funnier you want bread yes please three dollars nothing for you
and without that illusion of consensus it has a very different feel
and without the illusion of consensus them telling you that there was a dangerous novel virus
spreading from the from the from somewhere in china and it was going to kill up to a billion
people would have seemed absurd if there wasn't this illusion of consensus
this illusion of consensus in the background and in the foreground and on tv and in what they
covered up and what they lied about and the emails created an illusion of consensus that
made all of us believe that something very dangerous was happening otherwise why would we
shut down why would we shut down schools why would we close businesses why would we give kids
iPads why would we separate people who have been married for 50 years on their deathbed
why would we separate them if it wasn't just an absolute nightmare of a virus
all these people aren't talking about what's important notice that Robert Malone again master
of molecular biology when discussing the fraud of the pandemic the fraud of the pandemic never
evolved around PCR testing it never even came close to revolving around PCR testing he was too
busy getting EUAs when the PCR test was being used to justify all the lockdowns to justify the spread
of a novel virus whose sequence was found all over the world in a week and the guy who's been working
with people like you know a Murray gardener the guy who brought the AIDS virus home in a
eppendorf tube in his pocket after having stolen it from the lab in France and he brought it back
to gallows lab as I recall Robert Malone worked with him this is not nobody this is a guy who has
intellectual and scientific roots that go right down to the the clay bottom the moistest soil of the
swamp his roots go deep and long into this history and for whatever reason his the vine of his
history weaves right through it all and a lot of these people need more scrutiny because they're
just not talking about things that they could be talking about where is anybody but Jessica
Hockett talking about what happened in New York City Pierre Corey left a job in Wisconsin to go
work in New York City why isn't Pierre Corey shouting from the rooftops about Jessica Hockett's data
he threw away his career at the University of Wisconsin as an ER guy critical care guy and went
to New York City because they wouldn't let him treat patients the way he wanted to be treated
they to treat them in Wisconsin and then he went to New York and what did he find I don't know he
wrote a book about Ivermectin he lied to us about this stuff ladies and gentlemen
they lied to us about this by not talking about the light blue area by not talking about the between
50 and 60 thousand people that die every week in America and instead they told us a story about
a dangerous novel virus that could be detected by 250 different PCR tests and people like Robert
Malone and all the other people at the head of this are not questioning the PCR test at all
anymore when they go in front of the EU they're only talking about the Scooby-Doo that this is a
dangerous virus that was released from a laboratory gain a function you bad guys and that's not possible
because a natural coronavirus swarm cannot pandemic but an NIAID funded infectious clone may very well
have been used to seed the molecular sequence around the world and then the PCR test used to
rope in all-cause mortality the protocol changes could have easily resulted in this excess mortality
that was here and the goal has always been a total surrender of individual sovereignty
and an enforcement of global fundamental inversion from basic human rights
to basic granted permissions
in scenarios one through three of the Scooby-Doo mystery it is a batcave virus that wasn't here
before and then showed up later went around the world for the last three years killed millions
of people maybe we made some mistakes maybe we didn't maybe the mRNA was rushed maybe it wasn't
but there was definitely a novel virus we definitely had to do something it could definitely come
again because it's gain a function and what i'm saying is is that if you believe in a in that then
you you you might as well buy some igloos in florida because they have told us nothing about the
signal that was in 2018 nothing about the signal that was present in 2019 because there's no data
nobody was doing PCR for a coronavirus RNA dependent RNA polymerase or a coronavirus
end protein in 2019 so we have no baseline and so wherever we rolled out the test we got a certain
number of positives but they didn't correlate with symptoms all the time so then what
that's the problem this conflated background signal
using a PCR test that can't differentiate from it is how you turn some little bit of a signal into
a huge signal you take a little tiny signal in luhan and a bigger signal in iran and a few cases
in america like sohomish county man sequence them show everybody that the sequences are highly
correlative and say that something new is spreading just like in the picture above my head there's
the bat getting out of the petri dish but on the background of other viruses other signals other
RNA positives other PCR positives and so you don't have to have a perfect explanation it could be
endemic coronavirus if you like that one protocols were murder and transfection is not medicine
it could be an infectious clone release that's also fine
but then transfection is still not medicine and it could be a transfection agent release
that too why not but then it's still protocols were murder and transfection is not medicine
and so i think we've got to come to this you know this is the one that covers the most ground
this is the one that covers the most possibility space this is the one that takes into account
things in the correct ratios if the protocols were murder and transfection is not medicine
if the PCR tests they used in 2020 and 2021 were not specific for a particular coronavirus
then there is no other story to tell you want to find the clone let's go find it
you want to find the background signal let's go find it
but if you want to look for again a function virus and you want to look for spike protein
and you want to look for all these other stories about you know viruses being released over and
over and over again then you're not you're not adequately exploring this this first and most
parsimonious possibility that there is a background signal that is being conflated as a pandemic
much much easier than repeated releases of all kinds of clones and then careful coordination
of the sequencing of them and careful monitoring of their spread might sound very enticing
but it's highly unlikely because again once you realize that everybody's lying why wouldn't they
lie about that too once you realize that the foundation of this is lies he can't take anything
for granted anymore least of all again a function virus still spreading like wildfire around the
planet
uhah i don't know maybe i'm saying too much here but this is definitely it i'll skip the no virus
one for this time they changed the way we think they changed the way we think about certain things
and that's why they were able to get us to do certain things and the vast majority of those
changes were detrimental to our society and that's remained detrimental to our society
those are the things that people don't want to talk about like Robert Malone in this video
from 2021 where he doesn't want to talk about remdesivir because it's a rabbit hole
remdesivir doesn't have the efficacy that his you know sophisticated users obviously know that
are sophisticated viewers of Paul Catrell's podcast know that that remdesivir doesn't have
the efficacy that we were sold with it is but i don't really want to go into that because it's
a rabbit hole it's on my list it's on marx list of things that killed more people than the virus
by multiple orders of magnitude and even if there was a clone or a virus spreading the remdesivir
would never have helped clear it you want to make some argument that that denizen and and uh
Ralph Barrack said in a seminar that if you give it in the first day of infection it has some
effect fine but how do you know when that is and so it's irrelevant remdesivir is useless
unless you're using a clone and you're just you're using it like you're deploying it and so therefore
you know when you're going to be exposed to it otherwise remdesivir makes no sense at all
and it's a poison because as Robert Malone said when you interfere with protein synthesis it's
pretty a specific remdesivir does doesn't interfere with protein synthesis of viral proteins it
interferes with all protein synthesis in the body of a person who takes it so how's that gonna work
out sure it shows up as kidney failure but does that mean that that's all it does
this is the hypothesis that i think covers us this is the hypothesis that i think everybody
needs to be able to hold in their head as a form you know like a baseball or a basketball
if i say that and i say imagine holding a leather basketball in your hand most people can imagine
what that feels like the rough weight and size and we've got to get people to understand the
biology of the of the immune system and the biology of transfection and the biology of our
name versus DNA and the fidelity impossibility here we've got to get people to understand
this as a hypothesis so that they can see how plausible this is and how comparatively absurd
most of the other parts of this are forms of this narrative are we've got to make people
be able to get across that finish line of understanding this biology that's the goal for the following
year because before we're going to be able to break free and wake people up they need to understand
that and then we can get them to understand this that it's about data it's about collecting
it's about what Jamie Metzel said yesterday at his opening speech for the Bayer conference
it's about collecting a billion or two billion genomes at all the medical and bioinformatics
that go along with it you can find me at gigome dot bio it's https colon backslash backslash like
that you know just that little thing up there it's like a twitter but it's not twitter and
we're all there now and it's starting to work out okay so I think this might catch on and you can
watch to follow other people as well there it's just that open fetaverse of decentralized servers
all sharing their their data and then you can find all my links there excuse me as well
please remember the transfection is not immunization and actually intramuscular injection of any
combination of chemicals to augment the immune system seems pretty dumb to me please stop all
transfections in humans and that's because they're trying to eliminate the control group by any
means necessary in case you're forgotten um this is gigome biological high resistance low noise
information stream brought to you by a biologist tomorrow at 10 a.m oh yeah thanks to the broken
science initiative if you haven't seen Greg's talk I'm going to do that I think some one of these
days coming up very shortly um support the the broken science initiative by sharing their podcasts
and stuff like that I'm not suggesting you need to support them or go buy stuff but they are a
really great idea um and they're moving forward with curriculums and books and and stuff so right
now the podcast is the thing to share and just get the word out that this exists in the Greg and
and Emily are working so hard to push this aspect of of broken science out of our society
and then tomorrow morning at 10 a.m eastern time if you go to the chd website you will see live on
chd tv the recording from yesterday will show up at 10 a.m so um I hope it's okay I do make
I will say right here that I do make a little mistake about dc sign because I get it mixed up
in my head and I I kind of am right that it's that it can stimulate T cell uh activate T cells
it can stimulate receptors on T cells it can also stimulate receptors and it's a receptor
found on dendritic cells but I didn't adequately characterize it I kind of mentioned it and stumbled
around on it so that's probably the one part of this that I'm not going to be happy about when I
see it tomorrow but anyway I hope you enjoyed the uh the stream tonight it's done before 10 o'clock
so I'm really happy about that I might get to bed on time thanks very much for joining me I'll
see you guys again tomorrow
so
You